README.md, before:

BJJ
===

Todo
--
- Save the answer
- Go to the next card
- Add a card
- Check if admin

Description
--
Users work towards a stripe. A stripe has several moves that users need to know. Each move can be broken down into several steps that the user is prompted for, e.g. "in Toreando once you've set the grips like so, where do you go next?"

Each step has a text and a video and an answer that contains text and video.

The user gets prompted and tries to recall what the next step is. Depending on if the user got it right, he/she clicks a button for if they were right or not.

When looking at a move for the first time, the user can watch the entire video for the move. Then the steps are added to the user's deck.

Everyone have the same steps, but the cards are different since they get marked for different due dates. Hmm..

Collections
--
- Move
- Flash card / step
- User
- Stripe (not needed at first)
- Deck (may not be necessary, steps can be associated with a user, no need to have multiple decks)

Commit message:

The video fits a mobile screen

README.md, after:

BJJ
===

Todo
--
- Save the answer
- Go to the next card
- Play the video and select the start and end points in admin mode
- Check if admin

Description
--
Users work towards a stripe. A stripe has several moves that users need to know. Each move can be broken down into several steps that the user is prompted for, e.g. "in Toreando once you've set the grips like so, where do you go next?"

Each step has a text and a video and an answer that contains text and video.

The user gets prompted and tries to recall what the next step is. Depending on if the user got it right, he/she clicks a button for if they were right or not.

When looking at a move for the first time, the user can watch the entire video for the move. Then the steps are added to the user's deck.

Everyone have the same steps, but the cards are different since they get marked for different due dates. Hmm..

Collections
--
- Move
- Flash card / step
- User
- Stripe (not needed at first)
- Deck (may not be necessary, steps can be associated with a user, no need to have multiple decks)
